Create ui-c8y-1020-24-3-remotes-from-manifest-should-be-listed-in-plugin-list-7016.md (#2419)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-24-3-remotes-from-manifest-should-be-listed-in-plugin-list-7016.md

---
date: ""

> title: List remotes from manifest in plugin list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Available plugins correctly displayed in plugin list
```

> title: remotes from manifest should be listed in plugin list (#7016)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: List remotes from manifest in plugin list
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:

>   - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys 
```

>     label: Web SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label: Administration
```

build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60808
version: 1020.24.3
---

> remotes from manifest should be listed in plugin list (#7016)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, remotes defined in the manifest were not displayed in the plugin list in the Cumulocity UI. This change ensures that all remotes from the manifest are now properly listed in the plugin list, providing a complete overview of available plugins. This improvement enhances transparency and makes it easier for users to manage and access the remotes defined in their manifest.
```

> Previously, remotes defined in the manifest were not displayed in the plugin list in the Cumulocity UI. This change ensures that all remotes from the manifest are now properly listed in the plugin list, providing a complete overview of available plugins. This improvement enhances transparency and makes it easier for users to manage and access the remotes defined in their manifest.

Reviewer: @reey What is meant by plugin list? Do you mean the Plugin tab in the application details? Or something else?

Reviewer 2: Yes exactly, the Plugins tab on the application details

> Previously, remotes defined in the manifest were not displayed in the plugin list in the Cumulocity UI. This change ensures that all remotes from the manifest are now properly listed in the plugin list, providing a complete overview of available plugins. This improvement enhances transparency and makes it easier for users to manage and access the remotes defined in their manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, application plugins were not displayed on the **Plugin** tab in the application details. This change ensures that all application plugins are now properly listed on the **Plugin** tab, providing a complete overview of available plugins.
```
